Hou Kong, when will I wake up?
I have been sleeping for a month,
I think, I want to tell you about what happened next.
Okay, are you awake?
Look at me really hard, those things that hurt you,
It has already relapsed, and your drinking habits are very low for future generations,
I have to work hard for the rest of my life.
Another good thing is happening,
He also woke up and I saw him,
He is really a very thoughtful old man. Accompany my mother
My mother's condition is also getting better
Can she recognize me? She also said
Let me remember her next time
I also saw
I'm willing to be secretly with Fang Yan
I am willing to work in the lighting system
Do you know the possibility of good news? No, no.
You were famous and had a very high reputation at that time.
It's the surgeon's name that makes him famous.
In fact, we have known each other a long time ago
Because it will save you if you try flying now.
That's what it turns out to be
Soul Man is written by a man, so
The secret brought us together from that moment on
Been here because I love you